[Tree View] Polish the default design & revise the simple version pages (#11529)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/tree-view/simple-tree-view/selection/selection.md

Reviewer: We have very similar docs for the Rich Tree View as well. Maybe it's worth updating the copy there too? 🤔

## Controlled selection

> Use the `selected` prop to control selected Tree View items.
> You can also use the `onNodeSelect` prop to listen to changes in the selected items and update the prop accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `selectedNodes` prop to control selected Tree View items.
You can also use the `onSelectedNodesChange` prop to listen to changes in the selected items and update the prop accordingly.
```
